add instructions for ami (#374)
QuEraComputing/Bloqade.jl: docs/src/install.md

```julia
pkg> add Bloqade
```
## Using Bloqade Optimized AMIs from AWS Marketplace
The Bloqade team has implemented 2 dedicated AMIs that can be acquired using AWS Marketplace

- Bloqade AMI with Julia

> - Bloqade Optimized Deep Learning AMI with CUDA and Julia

Reviewer: Maybe we can just say CUDA? There is nothing to do with deep learning for us IIUC

Author: yes sir

### Bloqade AMI with Julia (base image)
The Bloqade AMI contains:

> - The latest Julia installation using juliaup '1.5.1' which Julia '1.5.1'  for more information please refer to [Juliaup](https://github.com/JuliaLang/juliaup) 

Reviewer: we should do 

```sh
juliaup add release
```

as default, since we always want the latest stable release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The latest Julia installation using `juliaup add release` which setup the latest Julia release. For more information please refer to [Juliaup](https://github.com/JuliaLang/juliaup) 
```

- The latest version of Bloqade 

### Bloqade Optimized Deep Learning AMI with CUDA and Julia
In addition to the content of our base image, this image further contains
- NVIDIA CUDA, cuDNN, NCCL, GPU Drivers, Intel MKL-DNN, Docker, NVIDIA-Docker and EFA support

> - Block devices

Reviewer: I'm wondering if there is a better way to present this? Maybe put them as a table or at least put the paths into a code block?

Author: i was thinking a table but was worried overkill? hmm

 /dev/sda1=snap-03d72fbeb983a4663:60:true:gp2
 /dev/sdb=ephemeral0
 /dev/sdc=ephemeral1

### Bloqade AMI

> To use the AMI 

Reviewer: I think a warning block would be better to notify the users that the AMI is not public ready yet?

Author: yes agreed let me tweek it that was my concern we change it once it is official

time. This is useful when you have lots of interactive
programming needs with Bloqade.

> To build a system image for your environment, please use

Reviewer: good catch!

.ci/run dev
```

> How do this work? The `.ci/run dev` command actually calls the `Pkg.develop`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How does this work? The `.ci/run dev` command actually calls the `Pkg.develop`
```
